Add architectural notes documentation (#832)
ably/ably-asset-tracking-android: CONTRIBUTING.md

The recommended IDE for working on this project is [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio).
From the dialog presented by `File` > `Open...` / `Open an Existing Project`, select the repository root folder and Studio's built-in support for Gradle projects will do the rest.

> Before contributing to this repository please read the [architecture decisions notes](/ArchitecturalNotes.md).

Reviewer: These two documents are peers so I think it's preferable for this to be relative, not absolute:

```suggestion
Before contributing to this repository please read the [architectural notes](ArchitecturalNotes.md).
```
